July 5th, 11:00 AM, nine days before the demo.
Bob gets an invite to join a high-priority
conference call from someone called Vikram.
A quick check in the office directory shows
that Vikram is a security analyst.
“That's quite unexpected.
Why would someone from the security
want to talk to me?" wonders, Bob.
Vikram tells Bob that the routine
system scan has reported
that Bob has placed some client confidential
information in the file share,
which is accessible by everyone
at the organization.
This incident has been escalated
to Andrew as well.
He urges Bob to fix it at once.
Bob panics.
Luckily, Dave is around and
sorts it out immediately.
"There you go. No harm done," says Dave.
"Thanks, Dave. This is so
not what I needed right now.
Andrew is not happy with me
as it is," says Bob in despair.
"What's wrong?" asks Dave.
"I've been working on tasks from Donald
and I'm lagging behind on Project Mercury,"
Bob responds.
"Remember the advice that I gave you last time?"
replies Dave.
Bob nods.
"Right, I have been concentrating on
Project Mercury for the past few days now
and now this happens."
"Anyway, if you have some time,
I can show you how you could
have avoided this situation.
We can continue with our training
and I can show you some of
the basics of account management
and file permissions Linux," Dave offers.
"Okay, let's do that now.
Thanks, Dave," says Bob.